da coolest reviews the funnest shit
mailing the fuck out of it every damn
day of the week it scripts Toy Show
action inside a figure review I am your
host Evan he's a middle Stoll they
finally got a new trailer in at Toys R
Us and I swear to God if they don't have
the Jim Ross build a figure WWE elite
best of pay-per-views I am going to
punch the fuck out of that cashier cunt
and fuck you super scene a 31 inch piece
of shit and look at the trance wait a
minute was that grim great what the fuck
are you doing here look at a
Transformers grim crit OH
holy sheep Judah Shingle you're not grim
hey fuck you clone you look just like
grim let's see if they got it no nothing
no put the wait a minute here it is holy
go filter fish they got Randy Orton and
CM Punk and that's it bullshit there is
the best of pay-per-view Blandy Randy
and the quitter himself CM punk
awesome oh wait a minute Oh nailed it
here we go we got hurt his asshole or as
I like to call him hurt his asshole I
meant to call him Curtis axle and he
comes with the white Intercontinental
title let's see here is Alberto Dorito
let's check out this cool ranch piece of
shit cool they're loaded up with the
junior builder figures finally they're
only what about six months late what a
waste
man they're loaded up here too you know
what sucks failed it times two I ain't
got no money today bullshit man outlook
and I'm dropping shit on the floor now
what am I gonna do how the fuck am I
supposed to get a set of four of these
out the fucking door without getting
caught it's gonna be the old five finger
discount Emma needs a style ah money in
the bank
nope I got about a dollar in the bank
and it sucks too because it's not even
welfare Wednesday or food-stamp Friday
dammit
how am I gonna get this beaver faced
fucker I want to buy him so bad we need
more of these elite best of people view
check it out
payback hey Curtis axle okay slip you
out the door and then in a couple of
days I'll pay toys-r-us back you know I
wouldn't pay the Mac you can't trust me
I'm as slippery as the Viper Randy or
in and I'm gonna have to find a way to
get slippery and slip these fucks right
out the door
Oh Randy ones gonna give me an RKO these
are great figures let's see it will you
review these because you know what the
packaging here they're a little bit
different than the ones that we reviewed
that were from foreign remember they
were foreign from Switzerland these are
the packages are different they look a
little different you could check it out
right on this Alberto Del Rio Cool Ranch
cocksucker oh wait a minute they're free
yeah nailed it they're free oh wait no
that there's some other type of
promotion you get some free shelf
warmers fuck that yeah this is what
we're gonna do didn't didn't didn't
didn't didn't a holy ship shit on a
shingle maybe a screaming kid will cause
a diversion screaming baby aisle four
give that basket a bottle of milk dant
dant attend I don't think anybody sees
me a dent dent
panting didn't steal a chain
propelled by a mountain dave dent damp
bamm-bamm holy fuck this is actually
gonna work exit open open up another
nail did thanks do oh I am the king of
swiping shit ha ha ha
Emma knees are no swiping up and knees
are no swiping ah fuck you free best a
pay-per-view thank you for watching our
show and welcome to team nailed it
don't forget to check out our website
grim story show calm bio your wrestling
figures at wrestling figures calm use
discount code grim and check out the
save 10% there's a link in the
description and please like this video
leave a comment it subscribe FOA FOA
nailed it